docs: link to max duration vercel docs (#11869)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/25-build-and-deploy/90-adapter-vercel.md

And the following option apply to serverless functions:
- `memory`: the amount of memory available to the function. Defaults to `1024` Mb, and can be decreased to `128` Mb or [increased](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/limits/overview#serverless-function-memory) in 64Mb increments up to `3008` Mb on Pro or Enterprise accounts

> - `maxDuration`: maximum execution duration of the function. Defaults to `10` seconds for Hobby accounts, `300` for Pro and `900` for Enterprise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `maxDuration`: [maximum execution duration](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/runtimes#max-duration) of the function. Defaults to `10` seconds for Hobby accounts, `15` for Pro and `900` for Enterprise
```

We could link to the vercel docs here
